# MatlabToolbox
Useful MATLAB scripts for real-value or complex-value file reading and writing, image processing, etc. Continuously updated...

Access [the source code](https://github.com/Wu-Patrick/MatlabToolbox). 

## Currently available scripts

**imreadbin** Read image from real-valued \*.wzp binary file.

**imwritebin** Save image (img) to real-valued \*.wzp binary file (path).

**imreaddat** Read image from real-valued or complex-valued binary file (\*.wzp, \*.dat, or the files generated by gamma software).

**imwritedat** Save image to a real-valued or complex-valued binary file  (\*.wzp, \*.dat, or the files used by gamma software).

**imreadTiff** Read image from real-valued or complex-valued Tiff file.

**imwriteTiff** Save image (matrix) to a Tiff file (path), supporting  real-valued or complex-valued matrix.

**imwriteTiffComplex** Save image (m) to a complex-valued Tiff file (output). You can use imwriteTiff.m instead of this script.

**imwriteemf** Save image (img) to \*.emf file (path).

**imwritepdf** Save image (img) to \*.pdf file (path).

**read_kml** Reads in (x,y,z) from a GoogleEarth kml file.

---

**listdir** Lists the files in a folder.

**changeSuffix** Change the suffix of a path.

**wzpToPng** Batch convert \*.wzp files in wzpFolder to \*.png files in pngFolder.

**getCommand** Constructs a command from multiple parameters.

---

**goldstein_filt** Goldstein adaptive phase filtering

**multilook** Multi-look processing of images.

**matToGray** Convert matrix to intensity image.

**matToRGB** Convert matrix to color RGB image.

**max2** Maximum elements of an matrix (M).

**min2** Minimum elements of an matrix (M).

**randR** Uniformly distributed pseudorandom numbers within a certain range.

---

**linkaxesAll** Synchronize limits of all drawn 2-D axes.

**BAR3C** Extension of bar3, which sets the bar color corresponding to its height.

**freezeColors**  Lock colors of plot, enabling multiple colormaps per figure. (v2.3)

...

## Installation

~~~matlab
cd MatlabToolbox;
addpath('WZPUtil');
~~~

## Related citation

~~~latex
@ARTICLE{9583229,
  author={Wu, Zhipeng and Wang, Teng and Wang, Yingjie and Wang, Robert and Ge, Daqing},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing}, 
  title={Deep learning for the detection and phase unwrapping of mining-induced deformation in large-scale interferograms}, 
  year={2021},
  volume={},
  number={},
  pages={1-1},
  doi={10.1109/TGRS.2021.3121907}}
  
@ARTICLE{9583246,
  author={Wu, Zhipeng and Wang, Teng and Wang, Yingjie and Wang, Robert and Ge, Daqing},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing}, 
  title={Deep-learning based phase discontinuity prediction for two-dimensional phase unwrapping of SAR interferograms}, 
  year={2021},
  volume={},
  number={},
  pages={1-1},
  doi={10.1109/TGRS.2021.3121906}}
~~~









